docs: update: add -R|--recursive (#1271)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/update.md

## Synopsis

```usage

> usage: dvc update [-h] [-q | -v] [--rev <commit>] [-R] targets [targets ...]

Reviewer: For code blocks we only have up to 72 chars before the horizontal scroll bar appears 🙂 
```suggestion
usage: dvc update [-h] [-q | -v] [--rev <commit>] [-R]
                  targets [targets ...]
```

  > Note that this changes the `rev` field in the import stage, fixing it to the
  > revision.

> - `-R`, `--recursive` - determines the data artifacts to update by searching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-R`, `--recursive` - determines the files to update by searching
```
> Needs rewrap
